docs(sbomscanner): document the OpenTelemetry integration for 0.13 (#867)
kubewarden/docs: docs/sbom-scanner/version-0.13/modules/en/pages/installation/helm-values.adoc

----

Set this to `false` to skip seeding the defaults — for example in air-gapped environments where the public repositories are not reachable. See xref:user-guide/airgap-support.adoc#self-hosting-vex-hub[Air Gap Support] for details on configuring a self-hosted VEX Hub.

[#_opentelemetry]
== OpenTelemetry

Three values configure the telemetry export.
Telemetry export is off when `otel.endpoint` is empty.

[source,yaml]
----
otel:
  endpoint: "https://otel-collector.telemetry.svc.cluster.local:4317"
  caSecretName: "sbomscanner-otel-client"
  clientCertificateSecretName: "sbomscanner-otel-client"
----

* `otel.endpoint` is the OTLP/gRPC endpoint that receives the telemetry.

>   An `https://` URL makes the components connect with TLS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Using a `https://` URL makes the components connect with TLS.
```

* `otel.caSecretName` names a secret with a `ca.crt` key.

>   The components use this CA certificate to verify the server certificate of the endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The components use this CA certificate to verify the server's endpoint certificate.
```
